Group reflection context docs together and provide new topic on behavior context (#1360)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/programming/serialization/register-objects.md

---

> title: Register Objects for Serialization
> description: Register objects in the O3DE engine for JSON or XML serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: Register Objects
title: Register Objects for Serialization
description: Learn how to register objects in Open 3D Engine (O3DE) for JSON or XML serialization.
```

weight: 100
---

>  Serialization in O3DE is done by registering classes with a *serialization context*, which takes information about the provided class and uses reflection mechanisms to determine which class members to emit and their types. Serialization is controlled through the `AZ::SerializeContext` class, declared in `AZCore/Serialization/SerializeContext.h` as part of the `AzCore` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serialization in **Open 3D Engine (O3DE)** is done by registering classes with a *serialization context*. This context takes information about the provided class and uses reflection mechanisms to determine which class members to emit and their types. Serialization is controlled through the `AZ::SerializeContext` class, declared in `AZCore/Serialization/SerializeContext.h` as part of the `AzCore` library.
```
